# odin-restaurantpage
All copyright for the images and restaurant name belongs to me (mrsashemi)

**Introduction** 
The goal of this project is to practice webpack and ES6 Modules in Javascript by building a simple restaurant page.

**Functionality** 
The design and functionality is that of a simple restaurant page somewhat reminiscent of the early Y2K days. Personally having experience in the restaurant and foodtech space, I brought one of my own ideas to life with this page. The home page is designed exactly like a pizza box but for an Afghan Bolani concept. I digitally designed a bolani chef in Photoshop similar to the Pizza Chef's one would find on a generic pizza box. Using a handful of different PNG's for the chef, I turned him into a few animated buttons that tab through the different pages for the restaurant concept. There's a main page, a menu page, an about page, and a contact form. Very little is included in the HTML. Only the main DIV wrapper and the footer are in the html, instead the majority of the DOM elements are generated in the different javascript modules. 

**Process**
This project was a bit of a relief after my last tictactoe project where I practiced creating modules in the ES5 format. Actually, the main hiccup I ran into is that I didn't initially realize the difference and was designing my various javascript pages with IIFE's. Nonetheless, my process was very straightforward. I started by getting webpack set up and creating the dist/index.html and src/index.js. The goal was to have all the DOM elements generated by the different JS modules, so I started by getting the DOM layout correct in the index.js file first. 

After setting up the structure of the main page and importing the style sheet, I took a break to create the Bolani Chef image that would eventually become the buttons that tab across the different pages/modules. I created him in a few different layers(his hands, himself, and the smoke). I then imported the images, and worked on creating a module holding event listeners that animate and control him. Once that was done, I simply made a few modules that added elements to the DOM that would become the menu, about, and contact pages and plugged the modules into the bolani chef button. 

**Conclusion**
This project was pretty easy! I still feel like I have more to learn about webpack and ES6 Modules, but realizing my error in being redundant by using IIFE's helped me wrap my head around the design process. I do intend on revisiting this project in the future, not just for coding practice, but for potentially launching a restaurant ;)

